now China is calling for a large-scale
International Peace conference to
discuss the establishment of a
Palestinian State Chinese foreign
minister Wang Yi also called for a
ceasefire in Gaza during a meeting with
the Egyptian foreign minister in Cairo
he says Beijing is worried about the
growing threat of a wider conflict well
Katrina Yu joins us live now from
Beijing Katrina we haven't heard much
Chinese reaction since the Gaza War
started so what more did wangi have to
say
then China was very vocal after the
initial beginning of the war in October
and the weeks following China called for
ceasefire uh rather quickly it's also
sent a special Envoy it's been quite
vocal at the United Nations but it is
true that this is the most significant
statement we've had on the crisis uh
recently from wangi and he made these
statements while on a tour of the Middle
Eastern Africa he's currently in Tunisia
and this statement was released after a
stop in Egypt where he met with a
foreign minister there as well as a
Secretary General of the league of Arab
Arab states now what wangi is calling
for the foreign minister from China is
calling for is a large scale peace
conference to discuss the implementation
of a two-state solution one that wangi
says must be authoritative and effective
and it seems that China feels that not
enough is being done by the
International Community to bring an end
to this crisis and that China is
disappointed that there hasn't been any
sort of concrete Solution that's come
out of the processes at the United
Nations now if you go through this
statement it's also very clear that
wangi and Beijing are impatient that
this war has gone on now for 100 days he
reiterated the extreme loss of life
civilian life the damage to
infrastructure and it's also very clear
that Beijing is very worried about this
conflict spiring out of control seeing
now that it has spread to Yemen and
without mentioning Israel directly in
this statement what China wants is a
peace conference by the International
Community really to put more pressure on
Tel Aviv and the leaders there to take
more seriously the implementation and to
work towards steps that will actually
bring about a two-state solution all
right Katrina you live for us there in
Beijing Katrina thank you